we'll also talk about online education more broadly 1 what are the best verticals for cohort-based courses? 2 will cbcs continue to thrive in the post-covid world or lose momentum? 3 looking ahead what will online learning look like in 3-5 years? what comes after cbcs?
the dems covid spending bases state aid on unemployment rate not just population. so california 9 unemployment and new york 8.2 would get way more money than south dakota 3 just because we kept our economy open for business. stop the bailouts. get america back to work
i once told my husband that i was jealous of finnish phd students because they got given a sword when they graduate. sadly my graduation this week has been postponed due to covid. but he got me a sword !
biden to mark half a million covid deaths in the us with white house ceremony
the rfu welcomes the announcement by the prime minister that grassroots team sports including community rugby can return from 29 march. we will work with dcms on covid protocols for the community game including the format of rugby that will be permitted in return to play.
you have 12 quarters 400 areas right? three years total. one goal fund our schools door 2021-2022. then you have a red zone. covid. then you have an original number 2019. a deficit. a remedy a relief measure
today's indicators 252 new hospitalizations 3 116 new cases 7.20 positivity rate 7-day avg. start this week off right get tested for covid-19. visit text covid to 855-48 or call 212-covid19.
statistically ny nursing homes actually had less covid fatalities than tjose in other states! pop that in your pipe and smoke it or sniff it .
senator marsha blackburn weighs in on biden s selection for ag merrick garland the need for an investigation into andrew cuomo and covid-19 relief.
trump did almost nothing to provide covid relief for people and i can t believe biden has done less
covid status certification is now how you spell vaccine passports a disturbing u-turn in the roadmap. and it is precisely because of the exclusion discrimination and privacy concerns that millions of us will never accept them.
common sense says not lifting lockdown will not could result in more suicides deaths from other untreated illnesses further destruction of small and medium business illnesses caused by anxiety poorer health of the nation in the longer term failure of education for kids.
think of vaccines as a ladder out of the covid hole. we may currently have one of the longest ladders in the world but we are also in one of the deepest holes. expectation management is once again the job of government amp media with worrying penchants for premature emancipation.
petition for to do a stadium tour post-covid because this band has consistently been top quality in songwriting and performance since i first heard them in 2013
- cronyism in britain is rampant and goes unpunished. we're turning into a banana republic. questionable covid contracts dodgy appointments toothless watchdogs. favours to friends is now the government s modus operandi
the last year or so has put a lot in perspective for many of us including for joanna gaines. the lifestyle star recently revealed a moment with her father just before the covid-19 pandemic began that caused her to shift her perspec
fun fact the covid crisis has produced over 1200 new words in german over the past year. personal favourites are coronam de tired of covid amp impfneid envy of those who have been vaccinated .
our president is gonna make it online cause the exams should be online not with this disease covid-19 our president is not gonna risk ourself for nothing !
will i be forced' into having the covid vaccine? i've managed my whole adult life without any medication not even aspirin or paracetamol i dont need it my beliefs wont allow me to take it. but i'm feeling like i'm being shamed into it.
covid's in the air... everywhere i look around... esto tiene potencial.
when most patients on covid wards have no symptoms of covid nor many any symptoms of any virus at all ... the docs have been convinced by some rumour they re helping themselves. that s the only rational explanation for their attempted cover up.
breaking government scientist sir patrick vallance says uk faces another wave of covid cases if restrictions are lifted too quickly.
from fire line to vaccine line these heroes do it all! this weekend anf firefighters administered the lifesaving covid vaccine to thousands of high-risk individuals in oakland amp cal state l.a. the anf ranks are blessed with so many dedicated public servants!
president biden will order flags flown at half-staff for five days in memory of 500 000 americans lost to the covid pandemic announces.
they describe rampant covid infections roving bands of stray dogs complete disregard for public health and interpersonal and psychological problems. hard to feel much sympathy. if you break it you buy it.
the uk will face another large wave of coronavirus infections if all lockdown restrictions are lifted by late april and some measures will be needed beyond 2021 government scientists have warned
the pharmacy says you do not have to be a customer to sign up.
join us monday feb 22 1-2pm et tell congress to pass the which will help millions of struggling families direct 1 400 checks expand rd. tax credits for families w children expand amp increase minimum wage nat'l vaccination program
green mp asks the prime minister about friday s high court ruling that the government acted unlawfully in handing out covid contracts without publishing details in a timely way
update today the prime minister confirmed gov is considering - he just called it 'covid status certification' instead. they're not fooling anyone.
correct and incorrect!! real scientists have already said that covid is the flu!! its sheep and fake doctors.. amd proper ganda.. convid dont exist!!
jen psaki president biden will order flags lowered to half staff for 5 days in memory of the 500 000 american lives lost to covid-19.
kissing murphy ass ! covid is down 71 percent . survival rate is 99.8 . what a joke . how about the super bowl and tampa ? where s the spike ? give me a break
breaking british prime minister says he aims to remove all covid restrictions by june 21.
relaxing covid rules too early likely to bring huge death toll uk scientists say
interesting look into leadership styles in the year 2020.
house speaker pelosi just held a moment of silence on the house floor for the 500 000 lives lost to covid-19.
lobby rages over snl joke about israel's covid-19 vaccine apartheid
fun fact the covid crisis has produced over 1200 new words in german over the past year. personal favourites are coronam de tired of covid amp impfneid envy of those who have been vaccinated .
fun fact the covid crisis has produced over 1200 new words in german over the past year. personal favourites are coronam de tired of covid amp impfneid envy of those who have been vaccinated .
new congress same bloated spending. included in nancy's liberal 1.9 trillion spending bill - 350 billion to bail out poorly run blue states - 86 billion in union pension bailouts - 129 billion for schools regardless of whether they open - 15 min wage
pent-up demand and optimism about the fight against covid-19 boost new condo contracts 21
a reminder that steven mnuchin funneled 500b of ppp covid relief loans and gave millions to himself kushner devin nunes betsy devos joel osteen kanye west tom brady 334k to moscow mitch s wife elaine chao. they need to be forced to pay it back and then investigated.
fuming i am just bloody fuming!!!! covid etc
jen psaki president biden will order flags lowered to half staff for 5 days in memory of the 500 000 american lives lost to covid-19.
the strange thing is she voted for biden... which says a lot for america! it's screwed in respect to covid.
updated 14 new cases of covid-19 in n.l. as active caseload drops in 'encouraging trend'
biden's covid relief bill is costing every man woman and child in america 5 700. and they're sending you 1 400. lmao.
breaking. will order flags at half-staff for five days in memory of 500 000 americans lost to the covid pandemic.
thread the covid-19 roadmap for england step 1 8 march 29 march more information
still waiting for first round in iowa! repugs in state have caused death of 5600 plus iowans by refusing to follow covid guidelines
. announces pres. biden will order flags on federal property to lowered to half staff for 5 days in remembrance of the u.s. reaching 500 000 covid deaths
are in serious right now? i thought you were one of the saner republicans. all he has done is disseminate the facts about covid to americans. and some of you have treated him abhorrently. shame on you!!
i was in the same room with someone who had covid without wearing a mask. i also have lupus and did not get it. thank god for hydroxychloroquine that i take everyday.
the right balance is hard to reach with sage not required to consider the other side of the equation. as one imperial report admitted we do not consider the wider social and economic costs of suppression which will be high.
this is what covid took from us
pure liquid hope our two vaccines are cutting hospital admissions from covid by a stunning 85 and 94 . huge huge thanks to the pfizer amp oxford astrazeneca scientists behind this - amp the nhs staff so tirelessly injecting that hope into arms
why isn t covering this new scandal on covid-19 in california nursing homes? new york isn t the only state with the scandal. must stop the bias.
that s what i d love but covid has ruined our field completely
fat phobia is so bad that people are mad fat people qualify for the covid vaccine before thin people. happening in a country that treats fatness as a diease. people are legit mad that the pathology placed on our body has the audacity to protect us quicker from a pandemic.
got my first dose of the vaccine today. i m feeling great. no sign of turning into a 666 beast yet. dna still intact. ready for pabloz tbh adios covid
just in white house president biden will order u.s. flags lowered to half-staff for 5 days in memory of 500 000 people in the u.s. who have lost their lives due to the covid-19 pandemic.
found out today my mother-in-law is having both covid vaccine shots. haven't been this happy in ages.
did you know? double masking is up to 95 effective at preventing covid-19 transmission when everyone double masks properly! double mask to protect yourself and others.
the covid-19 dashboard provides up-to-date information on the key indicators of covid-19 in the community including daily data on ireland s covid-19 vaccination programme.
jen psaki president biden will order flags lowered to half staff for 5 days in memory of the 500 000 american lives lost to covid-19.
500 000 americans dead due to covid...isn t that the equivalent of wyoming??? we ve lost an entire wyoming?? in less than a year???
. people with idd amp other disabilities have been largely invisible in federal and state policy discussions about the effects of covid-19. they ve also experienced medical discrimination rationing barriers to receiving vaccines etc.
super hot take the only reason covid-19 numbers are going down is because there was a huge spike for the holidays halloween to new years and now the numbers are just correcting to pre-holiday rates. continue to be careful.
this cautious easing of the lockdown - guided by the data - will help us get back to normal. we're only able to take these steps because of the vaccine rollout. huge thanks to all involved
covid recovery now back to full health nothing to see here just playing with myself ok lfg
covid status certification is now how you spell vaccine passports a disturbing u-turn in the roadmap. and it is precisely because of the exclusion discrimination and privacy concerns that millions of us will never accept them.
just in white house president biden will order u.s. flags lowered to half-staff for 5 days in memory of 500 000 people in the u.s. who have lost their lives due to the covid-19 pandemic.
just in white house president biden will order u.s. flags lowered to half-staff for 5 days in memory of 500 000 people in the u.s. who have lost their lives due to the covid-19 pandemic.
ha! covid itself. cdc best estimate of a figure hard to quantify figure. that's what i though rusty spoon was saying -- it covid has only that chance of killing me -- but i see i probably misread that. my bad!
nothing cus i was covid sick
president biden will order flags flown at half-staff for five days in memory of 500 000 americans lost to the covid pandemic announces.
covid status certification is now how you spell vaccine passports a disturbing u-turn in the roadmap. and it is precisely because of the exclusion discrimination and privacy concerns that millions of us will never accept them.
greater toronto hospitals warn parents mild symptoms mean a strong likelihood of covid - the star
on the positive front covid probably saved a lot of people from dying on boeing aircraft.
covid status certification is now how you spell vaccine passports a disturbing u-turn in the roadmap. and it is precisely because of the exclusion discrimination and privacy concerns that millions of us will never accept them.
my heart is with the loved ones of the 500 000 americans lost to we mourn their passing and honor those they left behind who keep their spirit alive. let s all continue to stay safe amp wear a mask.
johnson has learnt nothing from his catastrophic mismanagement of the covid crisis. forcing all schools to open and rejecting the advice of the teachers is the definition of recklessness.
oh my god they are not!! if you believe that they are massaging the figures up to benefit some hoax explain to me why carehome covid deaths were nr registered as covid till there was no a backlash.. surely they'd have jumped on that..?
there is no credible route to a zero-covid britain or indeed a zero-covid world. to all the fanatics and enthusiasts get used to it. life is fraught with risk and covid is not special.
in time vaccination will be our most powerful tool against covid-19 and over the coming weeks those who are highest risk in our families and communities will get vaccinated.
with fears of another covid wave time to listen to voices of wisdom and experience outside the state knows best mindset?
new biden orders u.s. flag to be flown at half-staff for 5 days to honor half a million american deaths from covid-19
here's the gd news. currently fox has lawsuits filed for 2.7 bil from voting machine comp. watchlite will be suing for false info leading to deaths from covid. the naacp will be suing amp wpo vox amp vanity fair report law firms are gearing up for class action covid lawsuits.
maharashtra case registered against former mp dhananjay mahadik amp two others for violation of covid-19 measures at marriage function of his son in pune on feb 21. ncp chief sharad pawar bjp leader devendra fadnavis amp haryana dy cm dushyant chautala were among the attendees.
pm unveils roadmap out of lockdown step 1i - mar 8 schools reopening step 1ii - mar 29 rule of six and outdoor sport step 2 - apr 12 pub beer gardens hairdressers gyms step 3 - may 17 restaurants indoors step 4 - june 21 'normal' life
over 1 800 anti-asian incident reports on covid-19 have been collected nationally by stop aapi hate. 14.5 the second largest percentage nationwide of those reports came from new york state. 13 15
zero covid is not possible says boris johnson. except in australia new zealand taiwan and soon gibraltar.
thousands of hospital workers sickened with covid since start of pandemic via
just in white house president biden will order u.s. flags lowered to half-staff for 5 days in memory of 500 000 people in the u.s. who have lost their lives due to the covid-19 pandemic.
all the details are on the record no they aren t prime minister. we still don't know how or why some covid contracts were awarded including via the vip lane. your sec of state broke the law amp either you haven t noticed or you don t care. which is it?
a reminder that steven mnuchin funneled 500b of ppp covid relief loans and gave millions to himself kushner devin nunes betsy devos joel osteen kanye west tom brady 334k to moscow mitch s wife elaine chao. they need to be forced to pay it back and then investigated.
the saddest part of this whole sorry episode is the ease of which the british public capitulated to authoritarianism even when they knew it made no sense. and that they continue to do so now even though it makes even less sense than it did before.
msm hypocracy logic 2020 lockdown society to save seniors every life must be saved logic 2021 don t prioritize seniors for vaccination saving the most lives...not that important we live in a world where truth is defined by the narrative not facts
house speaker pelosi just held a moment of silence on the house floor for the 500 000 lives lost to covid-19.